I will discover new animals because animals are beautiful creatures, but they're dying,
dying out.
Which is really unfair.
Sometimes I will be a loner.
Like the fire of the salamander raging across the forest.
Sometimes I will be with friends.
Like the border collie swimming in the deep, gentle river.
I won't be rich and I won't be poor.
Not quite middle class though.
In a nice little, quite big cottage.
With gardens that reach as far as the elephant chain searching for water.
I will live in a world where everyone will just wise up.
Stop the bomb.
Stop the racism.
Harmonise in peace.
And be mine.
I will live in a world where everyone will just wise up.